# A Brief Go Intro
This is an introduction to Go with code examples. Fundamental programming concepts will not be covered or exemplified; they will be assumed. The intended audience are those who are transitioning from another language to Go, especially higher-level level languages (i.e., JavaScript or Python), functional languages (Elixir), or OOP languages (C#, Java). If you have a background in C or C++, you should have no trouble with Go.

Writing basic scripts in Go is not challenging. A cursory knowledge of syntax and the standard library goes a long way. The most common difficulties that I've been asked to explain typically relate to _idiom_ and _memory_. __Idiom__ refers to those uniquenesses of Go that make it Go. Anyone can bring the coventions of one language to another and make it work (with limations; Go has no Classes, so you can't bring traditional OOP to Go with any success). Bringing these features and "best-practices" of other languages to Go often will not inhibit compilation or execution. But it will often make for messy, unmaintainable code that cannot be reasonably debugged, among other problems. The Go community has long-established standards for what is considered good Go and what is not. This runs as deep as the directory structure of your project, how external dependencies are managed, and how to write comments. __Memory__ can also be a diffucult topic for folks with experience in languages where memory management and use is inconsequential, typically interpreted languages. Understadning pointers in Go is just the surface: if you misuse or misunderstand how this works, you'll introduce bugs that can be difficult to weed out. More advanced memory management gives strong consideration to the data objects and relationships and how to best leverage the system for your application.

This repo is divided into files and directories: files where simple concepts can be adequately taught and conveyed (variables, functions, etc), directories where a concenpt has many related subtopics (channels).
